    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
    <!DOCTYPE html>
    <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/ns/z3998/authoring/, dp: ../Text/dp-vocab.xhtml" xml:lang="grc" lang="grc">
    <head>
    <title>Preface 1st Edition</title>
    <link href="../Styles/dp.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body epub:type="bodymatter">
    
    <header>
    <p epub:type="title" class="part-number" lang="en" xml:lang="en" title="PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION.">PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION.</p>
  
    <section epub:type="chapter" id="ch-text" role="doc-chapter" class="greek chapter">
   <p>As the Greek authors wrote for adults, their style is in general too elaborate and involved for continuous reading by young scholars; and the subject-matter, it must be confessed, often proves wanting in interest to readers who cannot pass casily and rapidly from point to point of the narrative. The followmg extracts are intended to familiarise the beginner with the principal constructions in simple form, before he enters upon the mastery of the more fully developed sentences of the Greek classic authors. In making the selection the aim has been to present to the learner passages free from intricacy and varied in subject; and, to accomplish this, a good many authors have been laid under contribution outside the ordinary circle of a schoolboy's reading. In all cases the idiom and phraseology have been, as far as possible, adapted to Attic usage. In the Table of Contents the sources are indicated from which the extracts are taken.</p>
   <p>A word of explanation is necessary with regard to Part II. of this little book. It was found so difficult to meet with a passage in Attic Greek which possessed the qualification of continuous simplicity in style combined with interest of incident, that the idea suggested itself to the writer of putting into Greek some striking episode in English History. Into this version of the Battle of Hastings he has plentifully interwoven phrases from Xenophon and Thucydides; and he is not without hope that it may serve as a useful introduction to the study of these authors. In connection with this Part, he thankfully acknowledges his indebtedness to several scholars for suggestions and improvements.</p>
   <p>TETTENHALL COLLEGE, STAFFORDSHIRE,</p>
   <p>November, 1884.</p>
    </section>
    </body>
    </html>
    
